ROX-15135: Reorganize requirements structure and add recommended requirements (#61935)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/recommended-requirements-central-services.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/acs-recommended-requirements.adoc
:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="recommended-requirements-central-services_{context}"]
= Central services (self-managed)

Central services contain the following components:

* Central
* Scanner

[NOTE]
====

> If you are using ACS:CS, you do not need to look at requirements of central services, because they are managed by RedHat. You can look further down to look for requirements of Secured cluster services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using {rh-rhacscs-first}, you do not need to review the requirements for Central services, because they are managed by Red Hat. You only need to look at the requirements for secured cluster services.
```

====

[NOTE]
====

> For default resource requirements for the scanner, take a look at the *default resource requirements* page.

Author: I have moved this note under bullet point. And I have moved the previous note under the title. Because it is actually relevant for the whole Central services section, not only "Central".

I did the same for default requirements.

> For default resource requirements for the scanner, take a look at the xref:../installing/acs-default-requirements.adoc#default-requirements-central-services-scanner_acs-default-requirements[default resource requirements page].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For default resource requirements for the scanner, see the default resource requirements page.
```

Reviewer: See previous comment about xrefs in modules & the workaround we need to use if we need a link.

====

[id="recommended-requirements-central-services-central_{context}"]
== Central

[discrete]
== Memory and CPU requirements

The following table lists the minimum memory and CPU values required to run Central for one secured cluster. The table includes the number of concurrent web portal users.

|===

> | Deployments | Concurrent UI users | CPU | Memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Deployments | Concurrent web portal users | CPU | Memory
```

> The following table lists the minimum memory and CPU values required to run Central for one secured cluster. In the table is included the number of concurrent UI users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the minimum memory and CPU values required to run Central for one secured cluster. The table includes the number of concurrent web portal users.
```

> | < 25k

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| < 25,000
```

| 1 user
| 2 cores
| 8 GiB

> | < 25k

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| < 25,000
```

| < 5 users
| 6 cores
| 12 GiB

> | < 50k

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| < 50,000
```

| 1 user
| 2 cores
| 12 GiB

> | < 50k

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| < 50,000
```

| < 5 users
| 6 cores
| 16 GiB
|===

[id="recommended-requirements-central-services-scanner_{context}"]
== Scanner

[discrete]
== Memory and CPU requirements

> The following table lists the minimum memory and CPU values required for the Scanner Deployment in the Central Cluster. The table includes the number of unique images deployed in all Secured Clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the minimum memory and CPU values required for the scanner deployment in the Central cluster. The table includes the number of unique images deployed in all secured clusters.
```
